---
layout: post
title:  "As a Kubernetes 1.23 Release Docs Shadow"
date:   2021-12-19 20:37:41 +0530
categories: upstream-contribution
---

Curious to know what it is?
I thought to write on this as I am getting a flood of DMs these days just because the shadow application for the Kubernetes 1.24 Release is now open! 

First things first…

### What is Kubernetes Release Team?
Every new release cycle has a new Kubernetes Release Team, comprised of community members who handle different responsibilities and the logistics of the release itself. The team roles are divided into:
- Release Team lead
- Enhancements
- CI Signal
- Bug Triage
- Docs
- Release Notes
- Communications

Each role has a Lead and several shadows (generally around 3 to 5), who are mentored by the Leads. We attend Release team meetings and have a kind of discussion of the Release Team Selection Process.

If you may also want to take a quick look at the 1.23 Release README: [github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/release-1.23/README.md](github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/blob/master/releases/release-1.23/README.md)

When it comes to contributing and reviewing PRs, you should check out the docs style guide: kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/

### Shadow Experience
Honored to be a part of the KUBERNETES organization. As always, they have a lot of candidates (185 applicants for approximately 26 shadow roles — more than any previous release) who apply to shadow the Release Team.

As someone who started as a shadow on the Docs team for the 1.23 Release Team, I want to share what I’ve learned from this journey and answer any questions you may have about the Release Team.
